# Face-detection-and-recognation-aoutomated-system
image processing based project
Installed modules.
pip install tk-tools-Tkinter is the standard GUI library for Python. Python when combined with 
         Tkinter provides a fast and easy way to create GUI applications. Tkinter provides a powerful 
object-oriented interface to the Tk GUI toolkit.

pip install opencv-contrib-python-A date in Python is not a data type of its own, but we can 
       import a module named datetime to work with dates as date objects.
pip install datetime - A date in Python is not a data type of its own, but we can import a module 
           named datetime to work with dates as date objects.
pip install pytest-shutil - Shutil module offers high-level operation on a file like a copy, create, 
         and remote operation on the file. It comes under Python’s standard utility modules. This module 
         helps in automating the process of copying and removal of files and directories. In this article, we 
         will learn this module.
pip install python-csv - The csv module implements classes to read and write tabular data in CSV 
         format. It allows programmers to say, “write this data in the format preferred by Excel,” or “read 
         data from this file which was generated by Excel,” without knowing the precise details of the CSV.
pip install NumPy - NumPy offers comprehensive mathematical functions, random number 
              generators, linear algebra routines, Fourier transforms, and more.
pip install pillow-The Python Imaging Library adds image processing capabilities to your Python 
        interpreter.This library provides extensive file format support, an efficient internal representation, and fairly 
        powerful image processing capabilities.
pip install pandas -Pandas is mainly used for data analysis and associated manipulation of tabular 
               data in Dataframes. Pandas allows importing data from various file formats such as commaseparated values, JSON, Parquet, SQL database tables or                       queries, and Microsoft Excel.
pip install times - Times is a small, minimalistic, Python library for dealing with time conversions 
             between universal time and arbitrary time zones
